Run out is a method of dismissal in cricket, governed by Law 38 of the Laws of Cricket.[1] A run out usually occurs when the batters are attempting to run between the wickets, and the fielding team succeed in getting the ball to one wicket before a batter has crossed the crease line near the wicket. The incomplete run the batters were attempting does not count.

In cricket, if a batter has a runner owing to injury/illness, there is the danger of being run out owing to confusion between the three (or four in very rare circumstances) batters/runners on the field, all of whom must be safe in their crease when the wicket is broken and also at the correct end of the wicket. For example, a batter with a runner should always be behind the crease at the striker's end when in strike and whilst the ball is live. If they leave their crease a fielder is allowed to break the stumps at the striker's end to run him out – even if they are safely behind the crease at the bowler's end.

A batter can be run out even when not attempting a run if they are out of their crease and the wicket is put down by a fielder.[4] There is a trickle of such dismissals even in Test Cricket.
The case has most often occurred when the ball hits the bat or pad, and therefore goes to a close fielder rather than the wicket keeper (direct action by the keeper would make the batter liable to be out stumped instead), and the striker has left their ground to play the ball, or over-balances afterwards, and may for a moment not even realise the fielder has the ball. The fielder may throw down or otherwise break the wicket, or the keeper may receive the throw and put the wicket down.
Some examples are notable for the sharp reactions of the close fielder, whilst some involve lack of due attention by the batter, and approach the humorous. In a Test in Cape Town in 1995, captured on television and widely shared on social media, Shane Thomson of New Zealand played forward and posed elegantly, but just outside his crease. After a short pause, South African captain Hansie Cronje, who was fielding close to the bat, took one step towards the still motionless Thomson, picked up the ball and broke the stumps with an underarm throw. Cronje seemed unsure whether this was within the spirit of the game (the fielding side could have chosen not to appeal, in which case the batter is never out), but was easily reassured by all concerned.[5]

In a contrasting incident in a Test against India in 2011, on the last delivery before a scheduled break in play, Ian Bell, who was the batter was initially given run out after leaving his crease wrongly assuming a shot had reached the boundary. During the break in play, the appeal was withdrawn by the fielding captain MS Dhoni, and Bell was allowed to resume his innings after the break.[8] The essential distinction of this incident is that the ball is automatically dead when it reaches the boundary (interpretation by the umpire is not required), and so Bell left his crease under a misapprehension that may have been reinforced by the actions of some of the fielding team, who were under the same misapprehension. The original umpiring decision of run out would have been correct even if the fielding team had contrived to feign an automatic dead ball, an act which has always widely been regarded as a breach of the Spirit of Cricket. MS Dhoni's action allayed any such taint, and was consistent with the spirit of fair play, for which he received the ICC Spirit of Cricket Award.

In all matches played under the Laws of Cricket with no augmented playing conditions, the bowler may, after they have started their run up, but before they would normally have been expected to release the ball, attempt to run out a non-striker who has strayed outside their crease, with no warning mentioned. If the fielding side appeal the umpire will give the batter out run out Under Law 41.16.[18] The previous Laws were more restrictive as to when a bowler could attempt this, but they still allowed an attempt up until a bowler entered their delivery stride, which differed from the international game.

Many health clubs, fitness centers, and private clubs have pools used mostly for exercise or recreation. It is common for municipalities of every size to provide pools for public use. Many of these municipal pools are outdoor pools but indoor pools can also be found in buildings such as natatoriums and leisure centers. Hotels may have pools available for their guests to use at their own leisure. Pools as a feature in hotels are more common in tourist areas or near convention centers. Educational facilities such as high schools and universities sometimes have pools for physical education classes, recreational activities, leisure, and competitive athletics such as swimming teams. Hot tubs and spas are pools filled with water that is heated and then used for relaxation or hydrotherapy. A specially designed swimming pool is also used for diving, water sports, and physical therapy, as well as for the training of lifeguards and astronauts. Swimming pools most commonly use chlorinated water, or salt water, and may be heated or unheated.

Swimming pools became popular in Britain in the mid-19th century. As early as 1837, six indoor pools with diving boards existed in London, England.[6] The Maidstone Swimming Club in Maidstone, Kent is believed to be the oldest surviving swimming club in Britain. This swimming pool was formed in 1844, in response to concerns over drownings in the River Medway, especially since would-be rescuers would often drown because they themselves could not swim to safety. The club used to swim in the River Medway, and would hold races, diving competitions and water polo matches. The South East Gazette July 1844 reported an aquatic breakfast party: coffee and biscuits were served on a floating raft in the river. The coffee was kept hot over a fire; club members had to tread water and drink coffee at the same time. The last swimmers managed to overturn the raft, to the amusement of 150 spectators.[7]

The depth of a swimming pool depends on the purpose of the pool, and whether it is open to the public or strictly for private use. If it is a private casual, relaxing pool, it may go from 1.0 to 2.0 m (3.3 to 6.6 ft) deep. If it is a public pool designed for diving, it may slope from 3.0 to 5.5 m (10 to 18 ft) in the deep end. A children's play pool may be from 0.3 to 1.2 m (1 to 4 ft) deep. Most public pools have differing depths to accommodate different swimmer requirements. In many jurisdictions, it is a requirement to show the water depth with clearly marked depths affixed to the pool walls

Many upscale hotels and holiday resorts have a swimming pool for use by their guests. If a pool is in a separate building, the building may be called a natatorium. The building may sometimes also have facilities for related activities, such as a diving tank. Larger pools sometimes have a diving board affixed at one edge above the water.

Some colleges, universities, and high schools have buildings that use the term "natatorium" in their names, especially when the building houses more than just a swimming pool, for example a diving well or facilities for water polo. The word natatorium was borrowed from Late Latin "place for swimming" into English in New England in 1890